OSDOCS-11784: removes SDN from commands and misc spots (#80911)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-priority-about.adoc

cluster-logging           1000000      false            29s
----

> * *system-node-critical* - This priority class has a value of 2000001000 and is used for all pods that should never be evicted from a node. Examples of pods that have this priority class are `ovn-ovs`, `ovn-kubernetes`, and so forth. A number of critical components include the `system-node-critical` priority class by default, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *system-node-critical* - This priority class has a value of 2000001000 and is used for all pods that should never be evicted from a node. Examples of pods that have this priority class are `ovnkube-node-8vc5x`, and so forth. A number of critical components include the `system-node-critical` priority class by default, for example:
```

+
** master-api
** master-controller
** master-etcd
** ovn-kubernetes

> ** ovn-ovs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
